System overview:
Character overview
The game will allow players to create a Rogue Trader character. A rogue trader character is a theoretical construct built out of a series of 9 integer values ranging from 0 to 99 that represent a characters proficiency in using a melee weapon (Weapon skill), shooting a weapon (Ballistic Skill), their overall physical strength (Strength), how resilient they are to damage (toughness), their agility, intelligence, how likely they are to see things in the world or during a fight, their will power and their fellowship or charisma. 
These characteristics are used to determine whether a character passes or fails at various tasks. If a character needs to carry something, their Strength characteristic will be used to determine their ability to do so, while if they attempting to perform a sniper attack their ballistic skill would be used. 
A Rogue Trader will also include a list of skills that represent a character’s adeptness with a given skill. A given skill is tested on a specified characteristic (an effort at an acrobatic feat test on the agility, while awareness tests on the perception for instance). Skills come in 4 “levels”: basic, trained, skilled and mastered. A basic skill tests on the required characteristic as if it were ½ of its actual value. A trained skill tests on the actual value of the of the characteristic, a skilled skill tests on the characteristic as if it were 10% higher than its actual value while a mastered skill tests with a 20% bonus.  A Character can gain proficiency in each talent, advancing from

Character Notes:
Primary Characteristics – these are integers ranging from 0 to 99.
1-	WeaponSkill 
a.	Represents the character’s proficiency when using melee weapons.
2-	BallisticSkill
a.	Represents the character’s proficiency when using ranged weapons.
3-	Strength
a.	Represents the character’s physical strength
4-	toughness
a.	Represents the character’s ability to withstand an injury.
5-	Agility
a.	Represents the character’s agility and over all running speed.
6-	Intelligence
a.	Represents the character’s over all intelligence and ability to learn new material.
7-	Perception
a.	Represents the character’s over all ability to see and notice things in the world.
8-	Willpower
a.	Represents the character’s ability to withstand mental trauma and assaults.
9-	Charisma
a.	Represents the character’s general ability to interact with other people.
